{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Nov. 5th meeting\
\
1. discuss responsibilities. DONE\
2. correct bugs in basket contains tables. 
\b FIXED
\b0 \
3. figure out how web page works on local server. (I got this one! yahoo!) DONE\
4. change ER diagram, order and purchase (order date). DONE\
\
Nov. 9th meeting\
\
1. make IsVIP a key of customer?\
2. error: bid table should include time into primary keys 
\b FIXED\

\b0 3. search function doesn\'92t work well. cannot search keywords. 
\b FIXED\
\

\b0 Nov.12th meeting\
\
1. integrate basket and order pages into account pages. need to figure out the login determines the ability to access these pages. DONE\
\
Nov. 16th meeting\
\
1. after the customer logged in, account page should appear on the main page.DONE\
2. when a employee log in, customer should log out. when log out any of them, the other one should be not affected (also log out).\
3. basket display problem. duplicate entries.\
4. rating for each item, not for each purchase.\
\
Nov. 19th meeting\
1.  Are we storing payment method somewhere? Should it be a separate table or be added to the purchase table? DONE\
2.  It might be easier to create new orders if we made the OrderID an auto-incrementing field.  This would take some rewriting\
\
Nov. 23th meeting\
1. Items in the basket need to be deleted after order is places. 
\b FIXED
\b0 \
2. cannot see pending orders from employee pending order table. Because did not insert tuples in ShippedBy table. need to be fixed.\
3. TODO: add shipdate to ship table from employee entry; show shipdate in customer order history. 
\b FIXED
\b0 \
4. Require customer to enter their address and payment method when they register an account. Can edit or add another address or payment method somewhere in my account page.\
}